The Wild Rally

Once upon a time, Theotokis and Aristotelis were watching TV when they heard some big news: the WRC rally was coming! Rally cars racing on dirt roads — with huge jumps, rocks, and cars sliding left and right. The boys were so excited!

"Should we tell Rillas too?" said Aristotelis.

"Rillas?" said Theotokis. "A gorilla at a car race? He won't be interested."

"Oh, come on," said Aristotelis. "Let's tell him!"

So they called him.

"Hey Rillas! The WRC is coming! Races on dirt roads, cars flying everywhere!"

"Cars?" said Rillas. "Who cares about cars?"

But Rilaki had heard everything, and he grabbed the phone.

"Come on, Dad! Let's go! It sounds amazing! Let's bring Dakis, Akis and Maimudakis too — we'll have a great time!"

"But do you even know what the WRC is?" asked Rillas.

"It doesn't matter, Dad! We'll be with our friends!"

"Okay, okay," said Rillas.

"We'll come and pick you up," said the boys. "And don't worry — there are lots of tall trees there. You can watch from up high, and nobody will bother you."

"Okay, okay."

On race day, the alarm clock rang — beep beep beep beep! Aristotelis jumped out of bed, bursting with joy. Off went the whole gang: Rillas, Rilaki, Dakis, Akis and Maimudakis.

"Where are we going again?" grumbled Rillas.

"To see the WRC!"

"Hmm. Did you at least bring me bananas?"

"A hundred bananas, my friends!"

"Okay, okay."

When they got there, they looked for a high place to watch the cars coming up from below. But there were so many spectators, and so many tall trees in the way, that they couldn't see a thing. So they headed up the mountain and found a big tree with a perfect view of the track. The animals climbed up high, ate their bananas and got comfortable.

Theotokis and Aristotelis stayed down below, by the track.

And then the race began. A car came — VROOOM! It flew right past them! The boys went crazy with joy. Up in the tree, Rilaki, Dakis and Akis were thrilled. Rillas pretended he didn't care... but secretly, he loved it!

More and more cars went by, drifting around the corners and sliding their tails — shhh... shhh... One, two, three...

Then suddenly, one car went off the track! It flew through the air... and crashed right into the tree where our friends were sitting!

Everyone tumbled down to the ground. Luckily, nobody was hurt — but the spectators saw them.

"Help! Help! Police! Gorillas! Monkeys! Help!"

The driver of car number eight climbed out. "Oh my goodness!" he said. "What are these animals doing here?"

First he turned to Aristotelis. "Are you okay?"

"Yes, we're fine! These animals are with us — they're fine too. But the police are coming, and they'll take them away!"

"This was my fault," said the driver. "Everybody get in the car!"

"But how can we all fit? There are six of us... no — seven!"

"Everybody in!"

So they squeezed in, all crammed together in the back. The driver shifted into first gear, then second, and off they went — VROOOM! — back onto the track! The car swerved right and left, dirt flew everywhere, and they bounced up and down.

They overtook the first car. Then the second. The gorillas and monkeys went wild with excitement!

"Oh my goodness, this is amazing!"

They raced faster and faster. They overtook the fourth car, then the fifth... There were still ten cars ahead. Then — WHOOSH! — they flew right over another car! Now only three were left.

The announcer went crazy. "Ladies and gentlemen, look at number eight! I don't know what's gotten into him, but he's driving like a wild man! Only three cars left to beat! Let's see, ladies and gentlemen, let's see!"

"Hold on tight!" said the driver. Fifth gear, sixth gear, then down to fifth, fourth — and he stepped on the gas! Just before the finish line, he overtook the last car on the inside.

The crowd went crazy. "Wow! Eight! Eight! EIGHT!"

Number eight won — by a hair!

But the driver didn't stop at the finish line. "Why isn't number eight stopping?" said the announcer. "He's won! Where is he going?"

"I'll drop you off a bit further down, guys," said the driver. "If you all get out here, the crowd will see you and you'll be taken away."

"Okay, okay."

So he dropped them off further down the road, and then drove back to celebrate. He opened the champagne on the winner's podium — and our friends watched it all.

Then they climbed onto the quad bikes and rode home.

"Did you like it?" asked the boys.

"Oh my goodness," said Maimudakis. "It was perfect!"

"The best of the best!" said Rillas. "At the beginning I was bored. But when we got into that car... oh my goodness, oh my goodness, OH MY GOODNESS! Next time, you arrange it. I want to go again!"

"Okay, okay!"

And they lived happily ever after — and we lived even better!

The End
