Rillas and Rilena

Well, once upon a time, there were Theotokis and Aristotelis, and they had a friend, Rillas the gorilla. Rillas the gorilla really liked Rilena. But he was shy. He didn't know how to tell her.

He says: "What should I do, what should I do? Who is going to help me? Wouldn't Theotokis and Aristotelis know? I will go find them. Now I know where they live." He goes out into the trees, jumps from one tree to another, went this way, went that way, and arrived in the city.

"Oh, my goodness," he says, "where do I go now?" He remembered there was a statue. "Ah, I'll go find that statue!" He goes, finds the statue and says: "Perfect, they live three houses further down."

He went to Theotokis' house. Poor Theotokis gets up. "What is this? I'm half asleep! Wait. I'll get Aristotelis on the phone. Hey, did you come over here?" "No man," he tells him, "but I heard something!" "Man, someone is knocking on the door! Why aren't they ringing the doorbell?"

He goes, opens the door. "Hey, Rilla!" "You're knocking on the door, man? Come on, friend, why don't you ring the bell?" "Hey, get Aristotelis, I want to talk to you guys." "Hey friend, we're doing great, yeah, yeah... get Aristotelis, I want to talk."

Aristotelis comes over too. Rillas tells them: "Hey guys, I have a problem. Are you going to solve it for me, my friends? Will you help me? I really like Rilena. I want to marry her."

"Well, you have to get to know her first, you have to go out, do this, do that." "Yes, yes, but I want to marry her!" "Alright man. Does she want to marry you?" "No." "Does she like you?" "No." "Then how do you want to get married?" "Well, that's why I came here guys, are you going to help me?"

"Hmm," says Theotokis. "Challenge accepted. Do you know where Rilena lives?" "I do know where Rilena lives." "And you're just too shy to go and talk to her?" "I'm shy guys, I don't know what to tell her, and so on." "You need to find out," Theotokis tells him. "You have to see what she likes, man. You should observe. Don't chase her from behind, though."

Rillas went back to the jungle, and he watches where Rilena stays, because they also had mutual friends. She liked flowers, she really liked bananas of course, she liked dancing. She liked many things, and Rillas saw where she goes. Rilena really likes to go to a lake, to look at the lake. "Great," he says, "one day when she goes to the lake, I'll go and talk to her too!"

It seems she has a great time there at the lake. He goes, finds Theotokis and Aristotelis, tells them: "Hey guys, she really likes dancing, but I don't know how to dance, and I really like her, but she likes the lake, and I like the lake too, perfect! I'm going to go talk to her."

One day, he saw her. They headed out from her house, and she went straight to the lake. He says: "Perfect, I'm going to go talk to her." At some point, a bloop bloop is heard. Rilena heard something, and as she went to look into the lake, she tripped and fell into the lake! And she started shouting: "Help! Help! I don't know how to swim!"

"Oh, my goodness," Rillas says. He ran full speed, did a dive and a flip, and jumped in. "I'm coming! I'm coming!" He caught Rilena. Just as he was holding her, a crocodile comes! "Oh my goodness, oh my goodness!" The gorilla gets angry, gives it a smack! "No one is going to bother Rilena," he says! Pow to the crocodile! He hit it a bit on the nose and the crocodile didn't like it and left.

He gently grabs Rilena, brings her out, says to her: "Are you okay?" "Oh, Rilla," she tells him, "you won't believe it, I was about to drown, I can't swim, thank you so much!" "Oh, it's nothing," he tells her, "my pleasure."

"Uh, by the way, did you come here to the lake?" she asks him. "Uh, I don't know, I come to the lake a lot..." Rillas got shy, and blushed. "Uh, I was thinking, maybe not telling her, telling her, not telling her... Uh, actually," he tells her, "I came to find you!" "Really, you came to find me? Why?" "I want to tell you something." "Well, tell me, let's see... But I didn't know if I should tell you... Hey Rilla, come on, tell me whatever you want!" "Well, I like you," he tells her, "and I want to get to know you better."

"Well, what took you so long," she tells him, man! "You're killing me man, killing me, I waited, and waited, and waited for you to talk to me, for so long! Well," he tells her, "why didn't you tell me?" "Oh, oh!" "Well, I accept," she tells him, "we'll get to know each other and see."

And they went for walks, they ate a lot of bananas together, our friend Rillas was very happy. He went to tell his friends. "Hey guys, we're having a great time with Rilena!" "Come on man! Did you manage it?" They told them the story that he dove into the lake, crocodile and all. "Ah! Bravo, gorilla," he tells him, man, "bravo Rilla man, you saved her, friend, come on! We hope you marry her at some point!"

"Well, I don't know yet," he tells them, "it's a bit early, but I hope so too, I don't want to pressure her though, I'll take it slow so we can get to know each other better! Thank you, guys, for all your help." "Ah, it's nothing man, nothing, you saved her, not us!" And they lived happily ever after. The End.
