Well, once upon a time, there was our friend Rillas, the gorilla. He was in the jungle and got a bit bored.

He says to himself, "What should I do, what should I do? I'm going to go surprise my friends," I think, Theotokis and Aristotelis. "I'm not exactly sure where they live, but okay, how big can the city be? I'll go," he says.

He grabs a bunch of bananas to have ready and sets off for the city. He walked and walked... it got dark, man, and he was exhausted! "Okay, okay," he says, and climbed up a big tree, ate a few dozen bananas, and burped. "Since this city is so far away, how come they always get here so fast? Why did it take me so long?" He forgot, of course, that Theotokis and Aristotelis usually travel on quad bikes.

Anyway, dawn breaks, he keeps walking, and finally reaches the city. The poor guy suddenly realizes he has no idea where they live! He looks over here: "My goodness, houses, apartment buildings!" He looks over there: "Cars... what do I do, what do I do? I'm going to surprise them! I have to surprise them, right? Yes, yes..."

But then he says: "It's a bit hard to just start yelling 'Theotokis! Aristotelis!' right now. I don't even know where they live! From what I remember they said it has trees, but everywhere I look there are trees, there are cars... I've got it!" he says. "I'll go to the tallest building in the city to look. Get a bird's eye view." Okay, okay, he didn't think it through, but anyway.

He found the biggest building, man, it was a massive skyscraper. He goes, and meanwhile he was forgetting to throw away his banana peels, right? He wasn't exactly hiding well. Anyway... "Come on," he says, "let me climb the biggest tree so he can see me."

He starts climbing up the floors... Everyone saw him! "Oh my god, panic, help! A gorilla, a gorilla! Call the police, yes, police, police! Please, there's a gorilla climbing the skyscraper!" Sorry, this is not a prank. "A gorilla is climbing the skyscraper! Yeah right, buddy," the police officer says and hangs up.

Then everyone started calling the phones, telling them: "Help, gorilla on the skyscraper, help, oh my god!" They told them, and the police head out, they go and surround the skyscraper. Meanwhile, the gorilla kept climbing, climbing, and made it to the top!

Then he realizes he's trapped: "Oh my god," he says, "what do I do, if I shout now I'm trapped and there's nothing. Theotokis! Aristotelis! Help!" The cops see him... "Hey! Gorilla! Freeze! You need to come down immediately, take your firing positions..."

He kept going: "Theotoki, Aristoteli, help!"
"Over, over, police here, bring the helicopter! Bring the helicopter, over, over!"

Okay, the TV channels showed up, he was on the news. At some point, Theotokis turns on the TV to see what's happening.
"Breaking news, breaking news! A gorilla is on the skyscraper and refuses to come down! All police forces on alert, breaking news, breaking news!"

Theotokis says: "How the heck did the gorilla end up in the city, in Nicosia?" He makes a phone call: "Yes, hello, hey Theotoki," Aristotelis tells him. "Did you see the news? He says there's a gorilla?" "No way," Theotokis replies, "how would the gorilla know where we live?" "Look closely, the camera is zooming in and getting a good shot of Rillas." He looks again... "Oh my god, it is Rillas! What on earth is he doing in Nicosia on the skyscraper? Well, how should I know, I mean... I guess... he must be trying to find us. Oh my god, since he didn't know where we live! Come on, let's go quickly!" And they all figured it out.

"What are we going to do, Theotoki, we need a plan," he says, "to get the police out of there, to trick them..."
"Well, that's a bit hard, man. Don't you have a hacker we can use? Well, yes, Theotokis... let's see what we can do," he says, "because it's a bit difficult for the police to leave and we can't just walk up and get him. Yes, yes. I know."

"Let's plant a mechanical brain on them, yeah, to confuse them, and then they'll leave because they'll be confused..." "Yeah, but Theotokis doesn't have time to build this mechanical brain right now, so they have to think of something else!"

"I've got it!" Theotokis says. "Tell me!" "We'll go and create a distraction! What kind of distraction? We'll do something to force the cops to come after us. Won't we go to jail? Well, it's fine, we'll sort it out."

"So what are we going to do?" Theotokis says, "I can't think right now. Listen to this: we'll ride the quad bikes super loud, but wait for the cops to chase us. Not all of them will leave... but the helicopter will leave, and the gorilla will realize it's us and he'll leave and go hide."

"Okay, okay... Meanwhile," he says, "let's call the news station to deliver a message... Okay, okay."

He calls the station: "Yes, hello, can you pass a message to the gorilla? Who is speaking? I'm an animal expert," he says, "and you need to deliver a message to him. OK, OK, what's the message? Tell him: your friends will be waiting for you in the trees. What should we tell him? Your friends will be waiting for you in the trees! Which trees? Tell him nearby, your friends will be waiting for you in the trees nearby, okay, okay..."

The TV went and said: "Yes, gorilla, an expert told us to give you the following message: Your friends will be waiting for you in the trees!"

"Oh man," Rillas says, "that must be Theotokis and Aristotelis. I need to get out of here now, how am I going to do it?" At some point they show up on the quad bikes: Vroom-vroom, vroom-vroom! Hey, let me tell you, the cops? Beep-beep! They're popping wheelies, passing back and forth, drifting, you know, swoosh...

"Oh my god," he says, "quick, patrol cars, move, they're getting away!" And the police say: "Oh man, we won't catch them. Yes, helicopter, go chase those two hooligans!"

The helicopter leaves, and as soon as it leaves, Rillas says "now's my chance," climbs down quickly, clip-clip-clip, just like that, and went and hid in the trees. Meanwhile, the helicopter was chasing Theotokis and Aristotelis, but they went to an edge dressed in a way so they wouldn't be recognized... At some point they went under a bridge and the cops lost them, okay?

"Well," he says, "now how are we going to park the quad bikes and walk to find him?"
Okay, okay, they parked the quad bikes, went slowly. They had to leave the bikes, otherwise they'd definitely be heard. Yeah, they went there near the park that was close to the skyscraper.

"Rella, Rella... are you here, man? Are you here?"
Nothing.
"Hey Rella... Hey Rella, are you here? Are you here, Rella?"
Nothing. They went this way, they went that way. "Rella, Rella... come here guys!"

"Come here friend, what, what did you do, you really pulled off quite the surprise! Good grief, since you don't know where we live, what kind of surprise did you come to do? I didn't think it through guys, I didn't think it through... So what do we do now? Well, we'll wait for it to get dark, we'll come slowly to pick you up with the quad bikes, to take you home. We need to take you home so you can see where we live, so you understand..."

"Okay, okay." It got dark, they went with the quad bikes very quietly. Vroom-vroom... They took him, man, and showed him where they live. "Next time you come here, okay? Yes! And if you don't know where I am, don't come!"

"Okay, okay..." And they took him back to the jungle, he went home... And they slept like logs because they were so tired! And that, and the end. And the others went home too. It's crazy that out of everything they discussed, he goes to the skyscraper! My god... And they lived happily ever after!
