Rillas and the Skyscraper

Once upon a time, there was our friend Rillas, the gorilla. He was in the jungle and got a bit bored.

He says to himself: "What should I do, what should I do? I'm going to go surprise my friends!" — Theotokis and Aristotelis. "I'm not exactly sure where they live, but okay, how big can the city be? I'll go," he says.

He grabs a bunch of bananas to take along and sets off for the city. He walked and walked... it got dark, man, and he was exhausted! "Okay, okay," he says, and climbed up a big tree, ate about a dozen bananas, and let out a massive burp. "If this city is so far away, how do they always get here so fast? Why did it take me so long?" He forgot, of course, that Theotokis and Aristotelis always travel on their quad bikes.

Anyway, dawn breaks, he keeps going, and finally reaches the city. The poor guy suddenly realises he has no idea where they live! He looks one way: "My goodness, houses, apartment buildings!" He looks the other way: "Cars... what do I do, what do I do? I'll surprise them! I have to surprise them, right? Yes, yes..."

But then he says: "It's a bit hard to just start yelling 'Theotokiiis! Aristoteliiis!' right now. I don't even know where they live! From what I remember they said it has trees, but everywhere I look there are trees, there are cars... I've got it!" he says. "I'll go to the tallest building in the city to get a bird's eye view!" Okay, he didn't think it all the way through, but anyway.

He found the biggest building — it was a massive skyscraper. He goes (meanwhile he kept forgetting to throw away his banana peels, so he wasn't exactly blending in) — anyway... "Right!" he says. "I'll climb the tallest 'tree' so I can see everything."

He starts climbing up the floors... Everyone saw him! "Oh my goodness, panic, help! A gorilla, a gorilla! Call the police, yes, police, police! Please, there's a gorilla climbing the skyscraper!" (No, this was not a prank.) "A gorilla is climbing the skyscraper!" "Yeah right, buddy," the police officer says and hangs up.

Then everyone started calling in: "Help, gorilla on the skyscraper, help, oh my goodness!" They called and called... the police headed out, and went and surrounded the skyscraper. Meanwhile, the gorilla kept climbing, climbing, and made it all the way to the top!

Then he realises he's trapped: "Oh my goodness," he says, "what do I do now? I'm stuck and there's no way out. Theotokiiis! Aristoteliiis! Help!" The cops see him: "Hey! Gorilla! Freeze! You need to come down immediately — take your positions!"

He kept going: "Theotoki! Aristotelis! Help!" "Over, over, police command here — bring the helicopter! Bring the helicopter, urgent, urgent!"

Okay, the TV channels showed up, and he was all over the news. At some point, Theotokis turns on the TV to see what's happening. "Breaking news, breaking news! A gorilla is on the skyscraper and refuses to come down! All police units on full alert — breaking news, breaking news!"

Theotokis says: "How on earth did a gorilla end up in the city, in Nicosia?" His phone rings: "Yes, hello?" "Hey Theotoki," Aristotelis says, "did you see the news? They're saying there's a gorilla!" "No way," says Theotokis, "how would a gorilla know where we live?" "Look closely — the camera is zooming in and getting a really good shot of Rillas!" He looks again... "Oh my goodness, that IS Rillas! What on earth is he doing in Nicosia on a skyscraper?" "Well, how should I know... he must have come to find us, I suppose. Oh my goodness, even though he didn't know where we live! Come on, let's go quickly!" And they figured it all out.

"What are we going to do, Theotoki? We need a plan," he says, "to get the police out of there, to trick them somehow..." That's a bit tricky, man. "Theotoki, what can we do," he says, "because it's hard to get the police to leave and we can't just walk up there and get him."

"Let's plant a mechanical brain on them," yes, "to confuse them, and then they'll leave because they'll be confused!" "Yeah, but Theotokis doesn't have time to build a mechanical brain right now — they need to think of something else!"

"I've got it!" says Theotokis. "Tell me!" "We'll create a distraction! What kind of distraction? We'll do something to make the cops come after us. Won't we get arrested for that? Well, it'll be fine, we'll sort it out."

"Okay, listen: we ride the quad bikes super loud and let the cops chase us. Not all of them will leave — but the helicopter will, and then Rillas will realise it's us and he'll make his move and go hide."

"Okay, okay... Meanwhile," he says, "let's also call the news station to send Rillas a message. Okay, okay."

He calls the station: "Yes, hello, can you pass a message to the gorilla?" "Who is this?" "I'm an animal expert," he says, "and you need to deliver a message to him." "Alright, what's the message?" "Tell him: 'Your friends will be waiting for you in the trees.'" "What should we tell him?" "Your friends will be waiting for you in the trees! Tell him nearby — your friends will be waiting for you in the trees nearby. Okay, okay..."

The TV station went on air and said: "Yes, gorilla, an expert has asked us to deliver you the following message: 'Your friends will be waiting for you in the trees!'"

"Oh man!" says Rillas. "That must be Theotokis and Aristotelis. I need to get out of here — how am I going to do it?" Then at some point the boys appear on their quad bikes: Vroom-vroom, vroom-vroom! And let me tell you about the cops — beep-beep! They're doing wheelies, zooming back and forth, drifting, screeching...

"Oh my goodness," says the police chief, "quick, patrol cars, move out — they're getting away!" And the officers say: "Man, we can't catch them. Helicopter, go chase those two!"

The helicopter leaves. The moment it's gone, "Now's my chance!" says Rillas, he climbs down quick — clip-clip-clip — and goes and hides in the trees. Meanwhile, the helicopter was chasing Theotokis and Aristotelis, but they headed to a quiet corner in disguise so they wouldn't be recognised... At some point they went under a bridge and the cops lost them!

"Right," he says, "now how do we go find him?" "Okay, okay — they parked the quad bikes and went slowly on foot (they had to leave them behind, otherwise they'd definitely be heard)... They made their way to the park near the skyscraper."

"Rillas, Rillas... are you here, man? Are you here?" Nothing. "Hey, Rillas! Rillas, are you here?" Nothing. They went this way, they went that way. "Rillas, Rillas... come on, guys!"

"Hey, friend! What on earth did you do — you really pulled off quite the surprise! Seriously though, since you didn't know where we live, what kind of surprise were you planning to give us?" "I didn't think it through, guys, I really didn't think it through..." "So what do we do now? Okay — we'll wait for it to get dark, then come back slowly with the quad bikes to pick you up and take you inside. We need to take you home so you can see where we live. So you understand next time..."

"Okay, okay." It got dark, they came back with the quad bikes, very quietly. Vroom-vroom... They picked him up and showed him where they live. "Next time you come here, okay?" "Yes!" "And if you don't know where I live, don't come!"

"Okay, okay..." And they took him back to the jungle, he went home... And they all slept like logs, because they were absolutely exhausted! The end. The others went home too. Unbelievable — after everything they'd discussed, he goes to the skyscraper! My goodness... And they all lived happily ever after!
